abductive reasoning
acoustic modeling
acquisition process
active learning
adaptive learning
adaptive training
agglomerative clustering
al method
alignment algorithm
alignment method
alignment process
alignment system
alignment technique
analysis method
analysis technique
analysis tool
anaphora resolution
anguage understanding
annotation system
annotation tool
anomaly detection
answer extraction
answer generation
answer prediction
answer retrieval
answer selection
argument classification
argument detection
argument extraction
argument generation
argument identification
art classification
artificial intelligence
asr system
attribute extraction
audio recording
authorship obfuscation
authorship verification
automated analysis
automated evaluation
automated extraction
automated process
automated processing
automated scoring
automatic alignment
automatic annotation
automatic categorization
automatic classification
automatic construction
automatic evaluation
automatic extraction
automatic generation
automatic method
automatic mt
automatic prediction
automatic recognition
automatic scoring
automatic segmentation
automatic summarisation
automatic summarization
automatic system
automatic terminology
automatic translation
bayes classifier
bayesian approach
bayesian network
beam search
bilingual terminology
binary classification
binary classifier
bipartite matching
bootstrapping approach
bootstrapping method
boundary detection
candidate generation
candidate ranking
candidate selection
case retrieval
causal reasoning
ccg parser
ccg supertagging
character recognition
character representation
chart parser
chart parsing
chinese-english translation
chinese-to-english translation
classification algorithm
classification approach
classification method
classification process
classification system
classification technique
classification techniques
classifier system
clustering algorithm
clustering method
clustering technique
co-reference resolution
code generation
coding system
cognitive modeling
coherence modeling
collaborative annotation
common-sense reasoning
commonsense reasoning
comparative analysis
comparative evaluation
complex reasoning
complexity prediction
computational linguistics
computational modeling
computational processing
computational system
computer science
computer system
computer vision
computer-assisted translation
computer-mediated communication
concept extraction
concept learning
concept representation
confidence estimation
constituency parsing
constituent parsing
constrained decoding
content analysis
content planning
content representation
content selection
context modeling
contextual representation
contradiction detection
contrastive estimation
controlled language
conversation analysis
conversation system
conversational system
coreference annotation
coreference resolution
coreference system
corpus analysis
corpus annotation
corpus building
corpus collection
corpus construction
corpus creation
corpus development
corpus linguistics
corpus-based approach
correction method
correlation analysis
cross validation
cross-lingual retrieval
da classification
data access
data acquisition
data analysis
data annotation
data augmentation
data base
data collection
data construction
data extraction
data generation
data management
data mining
data preparation
data processing
data representation
data retrieval
data selection
data sharing
data visualization
data-driven approach
database system
dataset creation
decision making
decision tree
decision trees
decoding procedure
decomposition method
deductive reasoning
deep analysis
deep understanding
definition generation
density estimation
dependency analysis
dependency parser
dependency parsing
description generation
detection algorithm
detection framework
detection method
development environment
diacritic restoration
dialect identification
dialog manager
dialog system
dialog systems
dialogue evaluation
dialogue generation
dialogue management
dialogue manager
dialogue modeling
dialogue summarization
dialogue system
dialogue systems
dialogue understanding
dictionary induction
digital library
dimension reduction
dimensionality reduction
direct translation
disambiguation algorithm
disambiguation problem
discourse analysis
discourse annotation
discourse marker
discourse parser
discourse parsing
discourse processing
discourse representation
discourse segmentation
discriminant analysis
discriminative training
disfluency detection
document alignment
document analysis
document classification
document clustering
document generation
document matching
document modeling
document processing
document ranking
document representation
document retrieval
document summarisation
document summarization
document translation
document understanding
domain detection
dynamic programming
eam search
ebmt system
efficient parsing
electronic dictionary
ellipsis resolution
em algorithm
em training
emotion prediction
emotion recognition
english ner
english-to-japanese translation
ensemble learning
entailment recognition
entity classification
entity detection
entity disambiguation
entity extraction
entity identification
entity normalization
entity recognition
entity recognizer
entity tagging
episodic logic
error analysis
error classification
error correction
error detection
error diagnosis
error reduction
essay scoring
estimation method
evaluation framework
evaluation procedure
evaluation process
evaluation system
evaluation tools
event classification
event detection
event extraction
event recognition
exact inference
exact matching
expectation maximization
explanation generation
expression generation
expression recognition
extraction algorithm
extraction method
extraction procedure
extraction system
extraction systems
extraction technique
extraction tool
extractive method
extractive summarization
extrinsic evaluation
eye tracking
f matching
fact extraction
feature analysis
feature augmentation
feature combination
feature engineering
feature extraction
feature representation
feature selection
finite state
finite-state automata
finite-state machine
finite-state transducer
finite-state transducers
forest classifier
forward pass
frame identification
gender classification
generation algorithm
generation framework
generation method
generative modeling
genetic algorithm
genre classification
gibbs sampling
global optimization
gradient-based method
gradient-based optimization
grammar checker
grammar induction
graph construction
graph embedding
graph generation
graph matching
graph representation
graph-based method
grapheme-to-phoneme conversion
graphical interface
graphical model
greedy algorithm
greedy decoding
greedy search
guage generation
handwriting recognition
heuristic method
hidden markov
hierarchical clustering
hological analysis
human conversation
human language
human-computer interaction
human-machine dialog
human-machine dialogue
human-machine interaction
human-robot interaction
humor recognition
hybrid method
hypernym discovery
hypothesis testing
identification method
identification system
ie method
ie system
image classification
image processing
incremental learning
incremental parser
incremental process
incremental processing
inference algorithm
inference engine
inference framework
inference mechanism
inference process
inference system
inference technique
information access
information detection
information exchange
information extraction
information fusion
information management
information processing
information retrieval
information seeking
information selection
information sharing
information system
information systems
information technology
inner product
instance selection
intelligent system
intelligent systems
intelligent tutoring
interactive learning
interactive system
interface design
internet search
interpretation system
intrinsic evaluation
ir system
iterative process
iterative refinement
iterative training
japanese-english translation
japanese-to-english translation
joint training
judgement prediction
k-means clustering
k-nearest neighbor
keyphrase extraction
keyword extraction
keyword matching
keyword search
knowledge acquisition
knowledge bases
knowledge discovery
knowledge extraction
knowledge management
knowledge representation
knowledge retrieval
knowledge sharing
knowledge transfer
label propagation
language acquisition
language analysis
language classification
language comprehension
language detection
language development
language engineering
language evolution
language generation
language generator
language grounding
language identification
language interfaces
language learning
language modeling
language modelling
language parser
language parsing
language processing
language production
language recognition
language teaching
language technology
language tools
language training
language transfer
language translation
language understanding
learning algorithm
learning algorithms
learning approach
learning approaches
learning framework
learning mechanism
learning method
learning methods
learning procedure
learning process
learning system
learning task
learning technique
learning techniques
lexical analysis
lexical matching
lexical selection
lexicalized parser
lexicon extraction
lexicon induction
likelihood estimation
likelihood training
linear kernel
linear programming
linear regression
linguistic analysis
linguistic processing
link prediction
logical analysis
logical inference
logical reasoning
logistic regression
loss function
lr parsing
machine learning
machine transl
machine translation
majority voting
man-machine dialog
man-machine dialogue
man-machine interaction
management systems
mapping function
mapping method
markov model
markup language
matching algorithm
matrix factorization
maximum entropy
maximum likelihood
mbr decoding
me training
meaning representation
meeting summarization
mention detection
message passing
metaphor detection
metaphor processing
metric learning
mining task
mmar induction
mobile phone
model adaptation
model building
model development
model generation
model learning
model pruning
model selection
model training
modeling technique
modular design
morpheme segmentation
morphological analyser
morphological analysis
morphological analyzer
morphological analyzers
morphological disambigua
morphological disambiguation
morphological process
morphological processing
morphological segmentation
morphological tagging
motion capture
mt development
mt engine
mt system
mt systems
mt technology
multi-class classification
multi-document summarization
multi-label classification
multi-layer perceptron
multi-modal dialog
multi-modal dialogue
multiclass classification
multilingual translation
multimodal dialog
multimodal dialogue
multimodal fusion
multimodal interaction
multimodal translation
n-gram matching
naive bayes
name matching
name recognition
name tagging
named-entity recognition
narrative understanding
ne classification
ne detection
ne extraction
ne recognition
ne system
ne translation
nearest neighbors
nearest neighbour
network analysis
network representation
neural net
neural network
neural networks
news summarization
nlg system
nlp system
nlp systems
nlp technology
noun resolution
novelty detection
nt parsing
object detection
object recognition
objective evaluation
one-shot learning
one-to-one mapping
online communication
online learning
ontology learning
opinion analysis
opinion extraction
opinion summarization
optimization algorithm
optimization method
optimization procedure
optimization technique
ordinal regression
outlier detection
pair extraction
parallel training
parameter optimization
parameter search
parameter selection
parameter setting
parameter tuning
paraphrase detection
paraphrase generation
paraphrase identification
parser evaluation
parsing algorithm
parsing method
parsing system
parsing technique
part-of-speech tagger
part-of-speech tagging
partial match
partial parsing
passage retrieval
pattern analysis
pattern matching
pattern recognition
pearson correlation
phological analysis
phological analyzer
phonetic transcription
phrase alignment
phrase chunking
phrase detection
phrase extraction
phrase generation
phrase identification
phrase retrieval
phrase translation
phrase-based translation
plagiarism detection
polarity classification
pos tagger
pos tagging
pragmatic reasoning
prediction system
probabilistic inference
probabilistic method
problem solver
problem solving
processing approach
processing tools
production environment
programming algorithm
programming interface
programming language
pronoun resolution
propagation algorithm
pruning method
pruning strategy
qa framework
qa system
qualitative evaluation
quantitative analysis
quantitative evaluation
query expansion
query generation
query language
query system
query translation
query-focused summarization
question answering
question classification
question decomposition
question representation
question-answering system
random forest
random guess
random sampling
random selection
random walk
ranking algorithm
ranking function
ranking method
ranking system
rapid prototyping
rate reduction
rating system
readability assessment
reading comprehension
reasoning process
reasoning system
recognition algorithm
recognition engine
recognition system
recognition systems
reference resolution
regression task
regular expression
reinforcement learning
relation classification
relation detection
relation discovery
relation extrac
relation extraction
relation identification
relation learning
relational database
relational databases
relational learning
relative distance
relevance ranking
report generation
representation technique
resource creation
resource description
resource development
resource management
resource translation
response generation
response selection
retrieval framework
retrieval method
retrieval process
retrieval system
retrieval systems
retrieval technique
risk minimization
role annotation
role labelling
rst analysis
rule learning
rule-based approach
rule-based machine
rule-based method
rule-based system
sample selection
scope resolution
score prediction
scoring function
scoring method
scoring system
search algorithm
search engine
search engines
search method
search process
search system
search tool
segmentation algorithm
segmentation method
segmentation system
segmentation tool
selection algorithm
selection mechanism
selection method
selection process
selection strategy
selection technique
self-supervised learning
semantic analysis
semantic annotation
semantic classification
semantic evaluation
semantic inference
semantic matching
semantic net
semantic parser
semantic parsing
semantic processing
semantic retrieval
semantic tagging
semantic understanding
semantic web
semi-supervised learning
semi-supervised training
sense annotation
sense classification
sense disambiguation
sense induction
sense reasoning
sentence alignment
sentence classification
sentence completion
sentence compression
sentence embedding
sentence extraction
sentence fusion
sentence generation
sentence identification
sentence ordering
sentence planning
sentence prediction
sentence processing
sentence retrieval
sentence scoring
sentence segmentation
sentence selection
sentence simplification
sentence splitting
sentence translation
sentence understanding
sentiment analysis
sentiment classification
sequence alignment
sequence classification
sequence labeling
sequence learning
sequence modeling
sequence tagging
shallow parsing
shortest path
sign recognition
signal process
signal processing
significance testing
similarity estimation
similarity evaluation
similarity match
similarity method
simulated annealing
simultaneous interpretation
single-document summarization
slot filling
slot labeling
smoothing technique
smt system
social network
software development
software engineer
software engineering
spanning tree
spatial reasoning
speaker adaptation
speaker identification
speaker recognition
speaker verification
spectral clustering
speech analysis
speech detection
speech generation
speech perception
speech processing
speech production
speech recognit
speech recognition
speech recognizer
speech segmentation
speech synthesis
speech synthesizer
speech system
speech systems
speech tagger
speech tagging
speech technology
speech transcription
speech translation
speech understanding
speech-to-speech translation
spell checker
spell checking
spelling correction
spoken dialog
spoken dialogue
spoken translation
srl system
state automaton
statistical analysis
statistical approaches
statistical learning
statistical method
statistical methods
statistical modeling
statistical mt
statistical parser
statistical system
statistical technique
statistical techniques
statistical test
statistical translation
story generation
story understanding
string kernel
string match
string matching
structure analysis
structure induction
structure learning
structure parsing
structure prediction
structure representation
structured learning
structured prediction
subjective evaluation
summarisation system
summarization approach
summarization evaluation
summarization method
summarization process
summarization system
summarization systems
summary evaluation
summary generation
supervised classification
supervised clustering
supervised learning
supervised method
supervised parsing
supervised segmentation
supervised system
supervised training
surface realisation
surface realization
svm classifier
symbolic reasoning
syntactic analysis
syntactic analyzer
syntactic annotation
syntactic parser
syntactic parsing
syntactic processing
syntactic realization
syntactic transformation
synthesis system
system training
systematic generalization
tagging method
tagging system
task-based evaluation
task-oriented dialogue
taxonomy induction
te recognition
temporal reasoning
term extraction
term extractor
term recognition
term translation
term weighting
terminology extraction
terminology management
terminology translation
text alignment
text analysis
text categorization
text classification
text classifier
text clustering
text comprehension
text correction
text detection
text editing
text encoding
text extraction
text generation
text generator
text matching
text mining
text normalization
text preprocessing
text processing
text recognition
text representation
text retrieval
text rewriting
text search
text segmentation
text selection
text simplification
text summarisation
text summarization
text understanding
text-to-speech synthesis
text-to-speech system
text-to-text generation
textual inference
textual understanding
theorem prover
theorem proving
time warping
title generation
token alignment
top-down approach
topic classification
topic detection
topic extraction
topic modelling
topic segmentation
training algorithm
training method
training procedure
training process
training system
transductive learning
transfer learning
transfer system
translation engine
translation evaluation
translation memory
translation method
translation process
translation service
translation system
translation systems
translation technology
translation training
tree kernel
tree kernels
tree learning
tree search
tts system
tutoring system
type classification
type detection
type identification
type inference
uncertainty sampling
understanding module
unit selection
unsupervised algorithm
unsupervised approach
unsupervised clustering
unsupervised learning
unsupervised method
unsupervised technique
unsupervised training
user interface
user interfaces
utterance generation
vector regression
vector representation
verb construction
video retrieval
virtual reality
vocabulary selection
web browser
web interface
web search
web service
weighting method
word aligner
word alignment
word classification
word clustering
word detection
word extraction
word generation
word identification
word learning
word matching
word ordering
word prediction
word recognition
word reordering
word segmentation
word segmenter
word selection
word space
word spotting
word substitution
word tokenization
word translation
word-sense disambiguation
wsd algorithm
abstract anaphora
abstractive summary
academic writing
acoustic information
acoustic model
acoustic models
acoustic signal
acyclic graph
agglutinative language
agreement rate
agreement score
ai research
al research
aligned corpus
aligned sentence
alignment accuracy
alignment information
alignment model
alignment models
alignment problem
alignment task
ambiguous word
ambiguous words
american english
analysis model
anaphoric reference
anaphoric relation
annotated corpora
annotated corpus
annotated dataset
annotated treebank
annotation approach
annotation effort
annotation framework
annotation language
annotation layer
annotation process
annotation projection
annotation schema
annotation scheme
annotation schemes
annotation set
annotation strategy
annotation task
answer type
arabic corpora
arabic language
arabic morphology
arabic text
arabic treebank
argument structure
argument structures
argumentative dialogue
argumentative discourse
artificial agent
artificial language
asian language
asr output
asr task
asr transcript
association measure
attachment score
attribute-value pair
attribute-value pairs
authorship attribution
automated translation
automatic conversion
automatic processing
background corpus
background information
background knowledge
background noise
baseline model
baseline performance
baseline score
bayes model
bayesian model
beam size
benchmark corpora
benchmark corpus
bilingual corpora
bilingual corpus
bilingual dictionaries
bilingual dictionary
bilingual lexica
bilingual lexicon
bilingual lexicons
bilingual phrase
bilingual sentence
bilingual term
bilingual text
binary relation
binary relations
binary tree
biomedical corpora
biomedical dataset
biomedical domain
biomedical information
biomedical literature
biomedical research
biomedical text
bleu metric
bleu score
bleu scores
bottom-up approach
boundary information
brazilian portuguese
british english
broadcast news
call center
candidate answer
candidate term
candidate terms
candidate translation
canonical correlation
canonical form
case frame
categorial grammar
categorial grammars
categorization task
category label
causal claim
causal relation
character sequence
child-directed speech
chinese characters
chinese corpus
chinese language
chinese sentence
chinese text
chinese translation
chinese treebank
chinese word
chinese words
class distribution
class information
class name
classification accuracy
classification error
classification model
classification performance
classification problem
classification scheme
classification task
classification tasks
classifier model
clustering model
co-occurrence count
co-occurrence information
co-occurrence relation
co-occurrence statistics
coding scheme
cognitive model
cognitive models
cognitive science
coherence model
coherence relation
commercial system
commonsense knowledge
communicative function
compact representation
comparable corpora
comparable corpus
comparative study
complex sentence
complex word
compositional phrase
compositional semantics
compound noun
compound words
comprehension model
compression ratio
computation overhead
computational approach
computational complexity
computational framework
computational lexicon
computational linguist
computational linguists
computational model
computational models
computational overhead
computational research
computational semantics
computer program
concept hierarchy
conceptual knowledge
conceptual model
conceptual representation
conceptual structure
conditional generation
conditional model
conditional probabilities
conditional probability
confidence measure
confidence score
confidence scores
confusion network
constituency grammar
constituent structure
constituent tree
constraint grammar
constraint satisfaction
construction grammar
content words
context dependency
context feature
context features
context information
context model
context size
context vector
context vectors
context window
context words
context-free grammar
context-free grammars
context-free language
contextual feature
contextual features
contextual information
contextual knowledge
contextual model
contextual word
continuous speech
control mechanism
conversation corpus
conversational context
conversational interaction
conversational speech
conversational structure
conversational text
coreference chains
coreference information
corpus design
corpus size
corpus study
correlation coefficient
cosine distance
cosine similarity
crf model
cross entropy
cross-document coreference
customer care
customer support
data category
data consortium
data corpus
data model
data set
data sets
data sparseness
data sparsity
data structure
data structures
data type
decision rule
decision support
decision-making process
declarative knowledge
declarative sentence
decoder parameter
dependency grammar
dependency graph
dependency graphs
dependency information
dependency length
dependency link
dependency model
dependency parse
dependency path
dependency relation
dependency relations
dependency relationship
dependency representation
dependency structure
dependency structures
dependency syntax
dependency tree
dependency treebank
dependency trees
dependency type
derivation tree
derivational morphology
design process
detection approach
detection task
development cycle
development set
dialog act
dialog context
dialog corpora
dialog structure
dialogue act
dialogue acts
dialogue agent
dialogue context
dialogue corpus
dialogue history
dialogue model
dialogue partner
dialogue quality
dialogue research
dialogue state
dialogue strategies
dialogue structure
dictionary data
dictionary definition
dictionary definitions
dictionary entries
dictionary entry
direct transfer
dirichlet allocation
disambiguation model
disambiguation system
disambiguation task
discontinuous constituent
discourse coherence
discourse connective
discourse connectives
discourse context
discourse function
discourse information
discourse level
discourse markers
discourse model
discourse relation
discourse relations
discourse segment
discourse structur
discourse structure
discourse structures
discourse tree
discourse treebank
discourse unit
discourse units
discriminative model
distance measure
distance metric
distributional information
distributional similarity
document class
document cluster
document collection
document collections
document context
document coreference
document format
document frequency
document information
document layout
document length
document model
document rank
document set
document similarity
document structure
document text
document vector
document-level evaluation
document-level sentiment
domain corpus
domain information
domain knowledge
domain model
domain ontology
domain-specific corpora
domain-specific information
domain-specific knowledge
dutch language
edit distance
editing operation
effective communication
emotional expression
emotional speech
empirical evaluation
empirical results
empty categories
encoding scheme
encyclopedic knowledge
english corpus
english dataset
english dependency
english dictionary
english framenet
english grammar
english language
english lexicon
english parse
english sentence
english speech
english text
english translation
english translations
english tree
english verb
english verbs
english web
entailment relation
entity class
entity coreference
entity type
entity types
episodic memory
error rate
euclidean space
europarl corpus
evaluation corpora
evaluation data
evaluation experiment
evaluation measure
evaluation measures
evaluation method
evaluation methodology
evaluation metric
evaluation metrics
evaluation paradigm
evaluation set
evaluation strategy
evaluation task
evaluation test
event description
event information
event structure
exact match
exical cohesion
experimental results
experimental setting
expert knowledge
external knowledge
extraction patterns
extraction problem
extraction process
eye movement
f measure
f score
factoid question
factual information
factual knowledge
factual question
feature set
feature sets
feature space
feature structure
feature structures
feature type
feature types
feature value
feature vector
feature vectors
feature weight
feature weights
feature-based approach
figurative language
fine-grained opinion
finite set
first-order logic
foreign language
foreign word
foreign words
formal grammar
formal language
formal model
formal representation
formal semantics
frame element
frame semantics
framenet frame
framenet project
french corpus
french language
french text
french translation
frequency distribution
frequency list
function word
function words
functional grammar
functional word
game theory
garden path
gaussian distribution
gaussian mixture
generalized quantifier
generation model
generation process
generation scheme
generation strategy
generation system
generation task
generative lexicon
generative model
generative models
geographic information
german corpus
german language
german text
gold standard
grammar formalism
grammar formalisms
grammar rule
grammar rules
grammatical categories
grammatical category
grammatical construction
grammatical description
grammatical features
grammatical form
grammatical framework
grammatical function
grammatical functions
grammatical information
grammatical knowledge
grammatical relation
grammatical relations
grammatical structure
graph structure
graphical representation
greek language
guage translation
hard constraint
head noun
head word
heterogeneous information
heuristic rule
heuristic rules
hierarchical model
hierarchical representation
hierarchical structure
hierarchical taxonomy
high-quality translation
hpsg grammar
human annotation
human annotator
human annotators
human behavior
human cognition
human communication
human dialogue
human intelligence
human intervention
human involvement
human judgement
human judgment
human judgments
human knowledge
human performance
human processing
human reader
human reasoning
human speech
human translation
human understanding
human-human conversation
human-human dialog
human-human dialogue
hyponymy relation
hypothesis space
hypothesis test
ibm model
identification model
identification task
idiomatic expression
idiomatic expressions
ie task
independence assumption
induction model
inference model
inference rule
inference rules
inflected form
inflected forms
inflection system
inflectional language
inflectional morphology
information content
information flow
information gain
information need
information propagation
information source
information sources
information structure
information theory
input string
input text
instructional text
intellectual property
inter-annotator agreement
inter-rater agreement
interaction network
interactive machine
interannotator agreement
iwslt evaluation
japanese corpus
japanese language
japanese ne
japanese sentences
japanese text
japanese translation
japanese word
joint distribution
joint probability
kappa value
key phrase
key words
kl divergence
knowledge base
knowledge represe
knowledge resource
knowledge structure
korean language
kullback-leibler divergence
la structure
labeled corpora
language annotation
language change
language communication
language corpora
language corpus
language data
language engine
language evaluation
language expression
language grammar
language information
language knowledge
language model
language models
language pair
language pairs
language resource
language resources
language science
language structure
language usage
language use
language variation
large corpora
large corpus
large training
latent semantic
lattice structure
learning domain
learning environment
learning model
learning module
learning paradigm
learning problem
learning rate
learning strategy
legal information
length constraint
levenshtein distance
lexical ambiguity
lexical association
lexical categories
lexical chain
lexical chains
lexical change
lexical choice
lexical class
lexical cohesion
lexical content
lexical coverage
lexical database
lexical entailment
lexical entries
lexical entry
lexical feature
lexical features
lexical information
lexical item
lexical items
lexical knowledge
lexical level
lexical meaning
lexical model
lexical relation
lexical relations
lexical representation
lexical resource
lexical resources
lexical semantic
lexical semantics
lexical similarity
lexical translation
lexical unit
lexical variation
lexicalized grammar
lexicalized model
lexicon entries
lexicon model
likelihood ratio
linear combination
linear model
linear program
linear time
linguistic annotation
linguistic approach
linguistic behavior
linguistic competence
linguistic constraints
linguistic context
linguistic corpora
linguistic data
linguistic description
linguistic evidence
linguistic expression
linguistic expressions
linguistic feature
linguistic features
linguistic information
linguistic input
linguistic knowledge
linguistic meaning
linguistic model
linguistic pattern
linguistic phenomena
linguistic phenomenon
linguistic representation
linguistic resources
linguistic similarity
linguistic structure
linguistic structures
linguistic theories
linguistic theory
linguistic unit
linguistic variation
linguistics literature
linguistics research
literal translation
local coherence
local context
location information
location name
log-linear model
logical expression
logical form
logical forms
logical formula
logical information
logical language
logical relationship
logical representation
logical structure
long-distance dependencies
long-tail distribution
lower sorbian
machine-generated text
mandarin chinese
manual annotation
manual translation
markov chain
markov models
markup framework
mathematical expression
medical corpora
medical corpus
medical terminology
memory consumption
mental lexicon
mental model
mental state
modal verb
model combination
model complexity
model context
model parameter
model parameters
model performance
model perplexity
model size
model structure
modeling language
modeling problem
modelling approach
modern hebrew
modular architecture
monolingual corpora
monolingual corpus
morpho-syntactic feature
morphological annotation
morphological database
morphological features
morphological form
morphological inflection
morphological information
morphological knowledge
morphological lexicon
morphological rule
morphological rules
morphological structure
morphological variation
mt architecture
mt evaluation
mt quality
multi-modal information
multi-party conversation
multi-party dialogue
multi-word expression
multilingual coreference
multilingual corpus
multilingual document
multilingual information
multilingual lexicon
multilingual speech
multilingual text
multimodal annotation
multimodal information
multimodal input
multiword expressions
mutual information
n-best list
n-gram match
n-gram model
n-gram models
name entity
named entities
named entity
narrative text
native speech
natural conversation
natural dialogue
natural languag
natural language
natural languages
ne corpus
ne task
negotiation dialogue
ner model
network architecture
network structure
news corpus
newspaper corpus
nlg evaluation
nlp application
nlp applications
nlp community
nlp component
nlp task
nlp tasks
noise model
noisy channel
noisy input
nominal anaphor
nominal compound
non-native speech
non-projective dependency
normal form
noun phrase
noun phrases
number agreement
object class
online dictionary
ontological knowledge
open domain
optimization problem
orthographic information
orthographic similarity
orthographic transcription
orthographic variation
ositional phrase
out-of-vocabulary word
parallel corpora
parallel corpus
parallel sentence
parallel text
parallel texts
parameter settings
parameter space
parametric model
paraphrase corpus
parse tree
parsed corpus
parser output
parser performance
parsing accuracy
parsing approach
parsing evaluation
parsing model
parsing models
parsing problem
parsing process
parsing strategy
parsing task
parsing tree
part-of-speech information
part-of-speech tag
part-of-speech tags
passive voice
patent document
penn treebank
performance comparison
performance evaluation
person names
personal experience
personal names
personal pronoun
personal pronouns
phone conversation
phonemic transcription
phonetic representation
phonetic similarity
phrase level
phrase structure
phrase type
phrase-based model
phrase-based system
political discourse
political science
polynomial time
polysemous word
polysemous words
portuguese language
pos information
pos tag
possible translation
posterior distribution
posterior probability
pp attachment
predicate argument
predicate-argument structure
predicate-argument structures
prediction accuracy
prediction model
prediction task
predictive power
prepositional phrase
princeton wordnet
prior distribution
probabilistic approach
probabilistic framework
probabilistic model
probabilistic models
probability distribution
probability distributions
probability estimate
probability model
process model
processing model
processing module
processing tasks
processing time
production rule
production rules
pronominal anaphor
pronunciation dictionary
proper name
proper names
proper noun
proposition bank
propositional logic
prosodic feature
prosodic features
prosodic information
punctuation mark
punctuation marks
qa research
qualitative analysis
quality assurance
quality control
query term
question similarity
question type
question types
question-answer pair
random sample
rank correlation
ranking candidate
ranking model
re dataset
real-world knowledge
real-world text
reasoning model
recognition accuracy
recognition errors
recognition model
recognition module
recognition rate
recognition task
redundant information
reference translation
reference translations
regression model
regular expressions
relation model
relation network
relational structure
relative clause
relative clauses
relative frequency
representation format
representation framework
representation language
representation scheme
representation structure
representation structures
representation theory
research topic
resource-rich language
retrieval model
retrieval performance
retrieval task
review helpfulness
rhetorical relation
rhetorical relations
rhetorical structure
role labeling
romanian wordnet
root node
rst tree
rule set
rule sets
rule-based model
running time
saliency map
scene graph
scientific knowledge
scientific text
scientific writing
scoring metric
scoring model
search problem
search query
search results
search space
search strategy
search task
seed words
segmentation accuracy
selection model
selectional preference
selectional preferences
selectional restriction
selectional restrictions
semantic accuracy
semantic ambiguity
semantic association
semantic categories
semantic category
semantic change
semantic class
semantic classes
semantic coherence
semantic composition
semantic compositionality
semantic consistency
semantic constraint
semantic constraints
semantic content
semantic context
semantic description
semantic distance
semantic domain
semantic feature
semantic features
semantic frame
semantic graph
semantic information
semantic interpretation
semantic knowledge
semantic label
semantic lexicon
semantic link
semantic meaning
semantic model
semantic network
semantic networks
semantic parse
semantic pattern
semantic relatedness
semantic relation
semantic relations
semantic relationship
semantic relationships
semantic representation
semantic representations
semantic role
semantic roles
semantic similarity
semantic space
semantic structure
semantic structures
semantic tag
semantic tags
semantic type
semantic types
semantic vector
semi-automatic annotation
semi-supervised approach
sense definition
sense distinction
sense distinctions
sense information
sense inventory
sentence boundaries
sentence boundary
sentence corpus
sentence fragment
sentence level
sentence meaning
sentence pair
sentence position
sentence representation
sentence similarity
sentence structure
sentential context
sentiment word
sequence model
sequential model
set size
shallow parse
sign language
similarity function
similarity judgment
similarity matrix
similarity measure
similarity measures
similarity metric
similarity metrics
similarity model
similarity score
similarity scores
simplified chinese
simultaneous speech
slot type
social knowledge
social science
software system
source language
source sentence
source text
spanish language
sparse data
sparseness problem
speaker identity
speaking style
speech act
speech acts
speech annotation
speech corpora
speech corpus
speech data
speech database
speech information
speech input
speech model
speech representation
speech signal
speech tag
spelling error
spoken corpora
spoken language
spontaneous conversation
spontaneous dialogue
sql query
standard arabic
standard benchmark
standard deviation
statistical approach
statistical data
statistical information
statistical measure
statistical model
statistical models
statistical significance
string similarity
structural bias
structural feature
structural information
structural relation
structural representation
structured information
structured representation
structured text
style model
stylistic variation
subcategorization frame
subcategorization frames
subject-verb agreement
subordinate clause
summarization corpora
summarization evalua
summarization model
summarization problem
summarization quality
summarization task
supervised mode
supervised model
support vector
surface form
surface level
surface pattern
surface structure
svm model
switchboard corpus
syntactic categories
syntactic category
syntactic constraint
syntactic constraints
syntactic construction
syntactic constructions
syntactic context
syntactic description
syntactic distance
syntactic feature
syntactic features
syntactic form
syntactic frame
syntactic function
syntactic information
syntactic knowledge
syntactic level
syntactic parse
syntactic pattern
syntactic patterns
syntactic properties
syntactic relation
syntactic relations
syntactic representation
syntactic rule
syntactic rules
syntactic structure
syntactic structures
syntactic tag
syntactic tree
syntactic trees
syntactic unit
syntactic variation
syntax tree
synthetic speech
system architecture
system description
system design
system developer
system development
system evaluation
system performance
system response
table information
tag set
tagged corpora
tagged corpus
tagging accuracy
tagging model
tagging performance
tagging problem
tagging scheme
tagging task
target language
target languages
target sentence
target text
target word
task performance
task-oriented dialog
te task
technical document
technical domain
technical term
technical terms
technical text
temporal annotation
temporal event
temporal expression
temporal expressions
temporal information
temporal relation
temporal relations
temporal relationship
temporal structure
term frequency
terminological database
test collection
test corpora
test corpus
test data
test phase
test set
testing data
testing set
text annotation
text chunk
text coherence
text collection
text corpora
text corpus
text documents
text genre
text information
text length
text passage
text plan
text quality
text readability
text segment
text segments
text similarity
text structure
text style
text type
textual corpora
textual entailment
textual genre
textual information
textual input
textual similarity
textual unit
textual units
thai word
thematic role
thematic roles
theoretic measure
theoretical framework
theoretical linguistics
time complexity
time expressions
time series
tm system
token frequency
topic shift
topic structure
topological structure
trained model
training corpora
training corpus
training data
training data.
training dataset
training document
training efficiency
training example
training examples
training instance
training material
training phase
training samples
training set
training text
training time
transcribed speech
transduction grammar
transfer model
transfer rule
transfer rules
transformation rule
transformation rules
transitive verb
transitive verbs
translation accuracy
translation candidate
translation candidates
translation direction
translation equivalent
translation equivalents
translation hypothesis
translation knowledge
translation lexicon
translation model
translation models
translation module
translation output
translation pair
translation pairs
translation probability
translation problem
translation quality
translation research
translation rule
translation rules
translation score
translation setting
translation table
translation task
translation template
transliteration model
tree bank
tree model
tree node
tree representation
tree structure
tree structures
treebank annotation
treebank corpus
type hierarchy
type theory
unannotated corpora
unannotated text
uniform distribution
universal language
unlabeled corpora
unlabeled corpus
unlabeled examples
unlabeled text
unstructured information
user behavior
user interaction
user model
user profile
user query
user satisfaction
user utterance
user utterances
vector space
verb argument
verb class
verb classes
verb form
verb frame
verb lexicon
verb phrase
verb sense
verb senses
verbal communication
video content
visual context
visual information
visual input
vocabulary size
web content
web corpus
web documents
web page
web pages
web site
web text
weighting scheme
well-formed text
window size
word alignments
word association
word boundaries
word boundary
word choice
word classes
word co-occurrence
word corpus
word count
word data
word definition
word distribution
word features
word form
word formation
word frequencies
word frequency
word information
word lattice
word lattices
word level
word lists
word meaning
word meanings
word model
word order
word pair
word relatedness
word sense
word senses
word sequence
word sequences
word similarity
word structure
word tag
word type
word types
word usage
word vector
word-based model
word-level model
wordnet project
wordnet sense
wordnet senses
wordnet synset
wordnet synsets
world knowledge
world model
writing system
written communication
written texts
wsd model
xml format
